bro I have like the best idea in the
video okay so I hired a production team
and they're gonna come tomorrow after
school and they're gonna film us doing
our skate tricks and then I'm going to
post our skate tricks on YouTube and
we're gonna get the sponsor I'm not even
getting almost like a couple hundred but
it's fine it's my college for
participating
yeah we'll see you tomorrow after school
but you're a giant John right
[Music]
that's got it
later
[Music]
I need to double triple
my name used to be like
[Music]
a little you know
[Applause]
that was
if you show up and watch it where
we do you have supports though Skylar
you skip you are told you take the
boards
I need
slight problem
we didn't like it so what are we going
to do for not Ginny a sweet video
were strictly
wait but we came here to felt like a
seat video
like super stick
well
eight so not a pretty sight
yeah I mean so this
turn of twice China China China tell
yeah yeah hi I'm Skyler
[Music]
hey guys so I just got anything off from
supreme I'm so excited
I'm gonna check it right now I'm gonna
check it right now
[Music]
give me the second I might fit that she
got a feta get my pet give me any movers
entity a better than we go for the
director